.\" 
.\" try.1
.\"
.\" This file is part of try.  (c) 2017 M. J. Tryhorn.
.\"
.\" Built by following examples and instructions at: http://liw.fi/manpages/
.\"
.ds Nm Try
.ds nm try
.ds Vn 1.0
.TH \*(nm 1
.SH NAME
\*(nm \- a clear and consistent message to inform you whether a command
succeeded or failed
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B \*(nm
.RB [ OPTIONS ]
.I command_name
.RI [ argument
.IR ... ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B \*(Nm
runs a given command then, on the completion of said command, prints a clear
and consistent message stating whether the command succeeded or failed. This
may be useful when running commands that report their success or failure
through exit status codes, where their on-screen notification (if any) is too
subtle.
.B \*(Nm
is not subtle.
.PP
.B \*(Nm
relies upon the wrapped command returning zero for success and non-zero
for failure.
If failure is reported in another way, \fB\*(Nm\fR may mistake the command
as having been successful.
On the completion of the wrapped command \fB\*(Nm\fR's result message is
written to standard error.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-i ", " \-\-interactive
Force the subshell to behave as-if it was an interactive session.
This option may be necessary if your command is, or relies upon, aliases.
.TP
.BR \-\-color\fR[=\fIWHEN\fR]\fB ", " \-\-colour\fR[=\fIWHEN\fR]\fB
Color the result according to command's exit status.
\fIWHEN\fR is 'always' (default if omitted), 'never', or 'auto'.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbose
Enable verbose output.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Display a usage message on standard output and exit successfully.
.TP
.BR \-\-
End of options.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.BR TRY_INTERACTIVE =\fI1\fR
Set to 1 to always run commands in an interactive sub-shell.
.TP
.BR TRY_COLOR =\fIWHEN\fR
Add color to the result (see '--color').
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B \*(nm true
Always succeeds.
.TP
.B \*(nm false
Always fails.
.TP
.B \*(nm wget www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2324.txt
Attempts to download RFC 2324 - Hyper Text Coffee Pot Control Protocol.
.TP
.B \*(nm --color=auto make
Attempts to build software in the current working directory and prints a
colorful result.
.SH BUGS
If there are any, please notify the author at the address below.
.SH AUTHOR
M. J. Tryhorn (bugs@example.com).
