.\" 
.\" trycmd.1
.\"
.\" This file is part of try.  (c) 2017 M. J. Tryhorn.
.\"
.\" Built by following examples and instructions at: http://liw.fi/manpages/
.\"
.ds Nm Try
.ds nm try
.ds Vn 1.0
.TH \*(nm 6
.SH NAME
\*(nm \- a colorful message to inform you whether a command succeeded or
failed
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B \*(nm
.RB [ \-i | \-\-interactive ]
.RB [ \-v | \-\-verbose ]
.RB [ \-h | \-\-help ]
.RB [ \-\- ]
.I command_name
.RI [ argument
.IR ... ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B \*(Nm
runs a given command then, on the completion of said command, prints
a colorful message stating whether the command succeeded or failed.
This may be useful when running commands that report their success or failure
through status codes, where their on-screen notification (if any) is too
subtle.
.B \*(Nm
is not subtle.
.PP
.B \*(Nm
relies upon the wrapped command returning zero for success and non-zero
for failure.
If failure is reported in another way, \fB\*(Nm\fR may mistake the command
as having been successful.
On the completion of the wrapped command \fB\*(Nm\fR's result message is
written to standard output.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-i ", " \-\-interactive
Force the subshell to behave as-if it was an interactive session.
This option may be necessary if your command is, or relies upon, aliases.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbose
Enable verbose output.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Display a usage message on standard output and exit successfully.
.TP
.BR \-\-
End of options.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.BR TRY_INTERACTIVE =\fI1\fR
Set to 1 to always run commands in an interactive sub-shell.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B \*(nm true
Always succeeds.
.TP
.B \*(nm false
Always fails.
.TP
.B \*(nm wget www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2324.txt
Attempts to download RFC 2324 - Hyper Text Coffee Pot Control Protocol.
.SH BUGS
If there are any, please notify the author at the address below.
.SH AUTHOR
M. J. Tryhorn (bugs@example.com).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR trycmd (1)
